Provide migration guide that introduce `stream-result` artifacts (#4809)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/02-migration-guides/01-client/02-result.mdx

# Stream Result

The low level implementation of our Chat SDK provides multiple methods to perform actions and communicate with our server.

> The implementation of those actions is almost always done by a deferred computation that is encapsulate on a class named `Call`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of those actions is almost always done by a deferred computation that is encapsulated in a class named `Call`.
```

> This `Call` class allows you to perform the actions asynchronously providing a `callback` or suspending the process within a coroutine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `Call` class allows you to perform the actions asynchronously by providing a `callback` or suspending the process within a coroutine.
```

When this `call` is completed, a `Result` object is returned. This `result` object encapsulates the result of the `call` computation and could contains a success value if the process completed successfully or an error notifying what was wrong.

Previous implementation of those classes wasn't safe enough, delegating on you to check if the result was successfully before to access to the value.
Accessing to the value data while `result` contains an error was allowed, producing an illegal state exception. Similar happens accessing to the error value while the result was successful.

> It caused our code to be very verbose any time a `result` needs to be handle, or leaving without properly handling Happy/Unhappy path in our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It caused our code to become very verbose whenever a `result` needs to be handled, or when leaving the Happy/Unhappy path in our code without proper handling.
```

To avoid this inconvenience and relying on Kotlin language, we are improving the implementation of those classes to be easy and safe to use.
The new implementation rely on Railway-Oriented Programming.

## What's Railway-Oriented Programming?

> Railway Oriented Programming is a functional approach to handling success and errors in normalized ways, always allowing you to predict the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Railway Oriented Programming is a functional approach to handling success and errors in a normalized manner, always allowing you to predict the result.
```

- **`Result.Success`**: This represents your business's successful result, including a `value` property, a generic type of Result.
- **`Result.Failure`**: This represents the failed result of your business result and includes a `value` property, the `Error` type.

The old way to work with `result` was by checking if the result was successful or not and perform different actions on any case, something like:
```kotlin {2,3,6}
val result = obtainResult()
if (result.isSuccess) {
    val data = result.data()
    [...] // work with successful data
} else {
    val error = result.error()
    [...] // Notify an error happened
}
```

On the new implementation it has been improved, and allows you to use it in an easier and safer way:
```kotlin
val result = obtainResult()
result.onSuccess { data ->
    [...] // work with successful data
}.onError { error ->
    [...] // Notify an error happened
}
```

## Error

`Result.Failure` has `Error` as a value property, which contains error details of your business work. Basically, `Error` consists of three different types of errors below:

> - **`Error.GenericError`**: Represents a normal type of error and only contains an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`Error.GenericError`**: Represents a standard type of error and only contains an error message.
```

- **`Error.ThrowableError`**: Represents an exceptional type of error and contains a message and cause information.
- **`Error.NetworkError`**: Represents a network error and contains status code, message, and cause information.

## Result Extensions

> **Stream Result** library useful extensions below to effectively achieve Railway Oriented Programming in Kotlin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Stream Result** provides the following useful extensions in order to effectively achieve Railway Oriented Programming in Kotlin:
```

### Result.then

> Composition the `Result` with a given `Result` from a lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composes the `Result` with a given `Result` from a lambda function.
```

```kotlin
val result0: Result<String> = Result.Success(value = "result0")
val result1: Result<Int> = Result.Success(value = 123)
val result = result0 then { result1 }
result.onSuccess { intValue -> .. }
```

### Result.map, Result.mapSuspend

> Returns a transformed `Result` of applying the given function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a transformed `Result` by applying the given function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload.
```

> Returns a transformed `Result` of applying the given function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a transformed `Result` by applying the given function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload.
```

```kotlin
val result: Result<String> = Result.Success(value = "result")
val mappedResult = result.map { 123 }
mappedResult.onSuccess { intValue -> }
```

### Result.flatMap, Result.flatMapSuspend

> Returns a transformed `Result` from results of the function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload. Returns an original `Result` if the `Result` contains an error payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a transformed `Result` obtained from the results of the function if the `Result` contains a successful data payload. Otherwise, returns the original `Result` if the `Result` contains an error payload.
```

```kotlin
val result: Result<String> = Result.Success(value = "result")
val mappedResult = result.flatMap { Result.Success(value = 123) }
mappedResult.onSuccess { intValue -> }
```

## Use Stream Result within your project

> This implementation has been extracted on an open source library that you can use in your own project without needs to depend on ChatSDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation has been extracted into an open-source library that you can use in your own project without the need to depend on ChatSDK.
```

> You can include the dependency in your project using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include the dependency in your project by using the following code:
```
